---
date: 2025-11-02
layout: false
---

It’s been great week, except I still feel bit fatigued.

Day before yesterday I made Zucchini Halwa and Cauliflower Wings, I do like cooking, didn’t realise it was 12.30 mid night when I finished, wings are pretty tricky, I might want to write my experience cooking recipes first time and how I evolves, I believe some things are better learned from experience, I basically followed Gemini on how to do both, posting my experience might also help me get feedback on what I shouldn’t have followed and what really matters while cooking it.

With zucchini halwa, I was surprised to see that it did really have lot of water like Gemini cautioned(ya my common sense is on vacation, I had carrot, bottle gourd and zucchini on same level. While cooking halwa). But out of 780g raw zucchini I drained around 300ml water. I could have gone bit more hard on it but cloth I used started to tear apart. While I was making halwa, I got call from Gurukul friend and soon it was 5 people on call, talking random things and about old days, nostalgic! It’s fun to get on calls like this. I also added lot of milk to it, relatively to what I had done before. Took long time to boil it off. 

I’m planning to add kitchen odyssey, and worried about the structure, should it look like post? Hope to finish it by next week!! Yes why not, just go with it until you face a chat or covered with post.

Kitchen - welcome to my kitchen, here I share my cooking experience and opinions.

Zucchini Halwa
- yap a bit
- Ingredients 
- In the making

I really like the idea of using the commute time to write drafts and ideas :) I was frustrated because it’s public holiday, I didn’t think much and left for team sports only to know it’s not happening today 😭. But good things did happen, got idea about adding kitchen and add recipes while I was writing for this weeks now updates 😊.

yesterday we had potluck, was pretty fun! we ended the day with board games :D




