---
date: 2025-10-28
layout: false
---

Last month has been hectic and I suppose next would be very similar. I got invited to a lot of Diwali and New Year celebrations, and I’m feeling very happy about it!!

It’s the first time in my life I got invited to so many places in a month — was 18, 19, 22, 25, and 26. I’m also planning for a potluck and my birthday celebration next month, and there’s already an invitation for the 30th. I said yes to all of them to see how much social interaction I could handle; surprisingly, I was able to manage it pretty well. But it does feel hectic, and I feel I’m not able to do anything else apart from events and office work (it’s a struggle to manage this along with my sports, which is 4 days a week).

I’m grateful for all the invites, and I am currently trying to get time for myself and do relevant stuff like applying for my master’s thesis and working on my seminar. I’m hoping to get time to improve this site, write articles, and work on Kosha. I recently met a new penpal on Slowly, and it’s really exciting to share long letters — but it’s taking up much of my bandwidth too. I’m looking for ways to sustainably handle all this mess :)

Last week I got bored a bit by Antifragility and decided to pick up Why We Sleep. It’s surprising how it gets me imagining how sleep mechanisms in us could inspire new AI algorithms and model architectures. I’ve decided to write an informal proposal about it — hopefully, you’ll find it soon on my writings 😁.

Life is full of surprises. I was looking up the university sports website to check the amount I paid for each sport and found Salsa had spots left. I texted my friend who wasn’t able to register before, and now she was able to 😄. I also found a spot for Sports Buddy (team sports where we play different team sports every Saturday) open 🥳 and finally registered. I really adore Sports Buddy!! Yesterday, when I went to class, I saw another friend of mine who registered just that morning.



