---
date: 2025-11-24
layout: false # Prevents Eleventy from creating a separate page for each update
---

Last few weeks have been stressful, I celebrated my 24th birthday last week and it was a long and surprising ride.

I went to Blerta’s celebration and felt that I should also do something like that. So I started thinking about it 20-25 days ago but we had potluck November 1st so I derailed it a bit, idea was first to just send invitation to people and fix the date. Which I figured wasn’t that straightforward as I had trouble deciding which date to fix. 

Notes: *I would prefer to celebrate it on Fridays or Saturday’s so people don’t feel rush to leave early for next day!! Tbh it’s trade off, I can celebrate on the day itself and actual friends would stay long enough :p*

I planned for Desserts, Drinks and savoury snacks along with what I would gift my guests.

When shopping I figured, **Action** is most affordable followed by **Tedi** and **Woolworth** for cutlery and decorative items.

On Sunday I went to pick flowers from nearby forest and figured you find it mostly on plain patch of land with grass and nearly side walks of canal and roads 😅. For drying just hang them upside down. 

I prepared [[Zuchini Halwa]] 4 days before, came out pretty well but sweeter for international tastebuds. Next day me and my friend Shalini prepared choco chip cookies, people loved it a lot!! Next day we made red velvet cake, we planned to make 2 layers but due to cocoa powder first batter was looking brown and not red so we turned them into choco caramel fudge and second layer we didn’t use cocoa powder at all and it was red 😁, really happy how it turned out after butter frosting!

Note: *it’s not very good idea to use pizza dough for making puff pastries!!*

On Thursday, I had Nevil and Purva to shop for savoury items, Purva made cheese cake, I prepared spinach feta riccota puffs while Shalini was doing butter crème frosting. Me and my friend also went to get 11l water dispenser. After all desserts were ready around 1.30 AM, I started writing thank you notes and preparing personalized origami.

It was stressful cause I had lot of plans but execution wasn’t smooth, I could prepare guest gifts well in advanced and now I know I can buy things for decorations in on day instead of roaming stores in different cities. And for drinks I don’t have to use drink dispenser to look cool, I could also have someone prepare live drinks which make it even more fun :) and Most cleaning should be done a day before. But overall it was great experience for me, I really enjoyed the party.

I was bit overwhelmed and very excited for the celebration and enjoyed it but the day after I felt void and lonely, it felt like I suddenly moved away from having lot of people around me to being alone and feeling of loss hit me although I didn’t loose anyone technically but feeling was real. Took me whole weekend to accept and rest. It’s surprising for a moment you have everything you ever wished for and the next moment everything feels shattered 😭. 

Now it’s time dial down on My seminar, thesis finding, office work and health ✨.
