---
date: 2026-02-08
layout: false # Prevents Eleventy from creating a separate page for each update
---

Nearly two months I have been away, semester has ended and so does university sports, it's bit sad.

Overall I'm happy, I have come to like frisbee and salsa. Improv was good but I guess we didn't manage to find same people coming over and things didn't go well, I lost interest slowly, would still be interested in trying out friend in future if opportunity arises, having people you're very comfortable around makes it easy and much more fun.

We have semester free period until march I guess, I plan on doing frisbee and explore english debate club at uni. I've some friends interested in badminton, hopefully do some games and I want to host my friends for board games soon!!

I recently finished reading "why we sleep", loved it! It's irony that the day I finished reading the book, I slept at 4 AM(like first time in last 3-4 months). There is something odd about it which I've hard time realizing what exactly. I've decided to pick up "surely you're joking mr. Feynman!", I'm hyped as always!! While scrolling now pages I found [Do you make other people's problem yours own?](https://ranjanatn.com/do-you-make-other-peoples-problems-your-own/) by Ranjana Iyer and enjoyed reading it, having to deal with same problem it was just like getting validation of me not being wrong. Maybe at some point I might write something like that(in terms of genre), not sure though. 

I have some hold of my masters thesis and having been solely focusing on work, thesis, this site and life(too much for solely right ;). Finally I've started to track my food, weight, workouts. There exist a big difference in what we subjectively believe we are doing and what we actually do(as you saw my sleep). I want to better track my sleep and water(I'm sure I'm not drinking enough or maybe I'm just too worried) too. It's difficult to sleep on time at times but I find it really joyful to have a night time routine, no digital devices after 8 and the only thing I do is read a book while snuggled up in bed.

I'm kinda finished with my site structure and outline and hopefully would remove site under construction banner after finishing few articles which I believe needs done flag.

